---
title: ADempiere® 3.9.4 Official Documentation
category: Documentation
star: 9
sticky: 9
article: false
---

Most of the companies acquired different software to cover the different needs of their organizations, but later they realize how complicated it is to share and unify the information that each module and organization obtained.

ADempiere, due to its ERP status, offers everything a company needs in a single software, [ADempiere ERP](http://adempiere.net/) wants to offer its readers a wide range of structured documents for users with high and low experience in handling ERP Software, in which each process of this powerful system will be explained efficiently and in detail, defining step by step the management of each one, its accounting, administrative and fiscal implications and finally the issuance of results that will allow optimum control of its operations.

::: info Intro

Note that all [ADempiere ERP](http://adempiere.net/) ecosystem was created to be used on any organization with minimal changes. This documentation was created for end used, tech and implementor

:::

## Standard Procedures for ADempiere ERP

### Functional Guide (Autogenerated)

An auto-generated guide from the ADempiere dictionary with all the documentation found within the dictionary.
Learn how to improve the current documentation and make it better for you and everybody [here!](auto-generated).

- [Menu](auto-generated/menu)

- [Forms](auto-generated/forms)


## ERP Standard Process

**[Requisition to Invoice](standard-procedures/requisition-to-invoice)**

In [ADempiere ERP](http://adempiere.net/), we want to guarantee the productive and administrative flow of the company, which is why efficient purchasing management is essential, which is nothing more than the acquisition of goods or services, here we will show you how to manage your national and international purchases in ADempiere ERP.

Learn about [Requisition to Invoice](standard-procedures/requisition-to-invoice)

**[Quote to Invoice](standard-procedures/quote-to-invoice)**

The sales process is the sequence of phases to convert an opportunity into a sale, from when a quote or proposal is generated until the sale is concluded, if you want to know how ADempiere contemplates this important process [ADempiere ERP](http://adempiere.net/) explains it to you.

Learn about [Quote to Invoice](standard-procedures/quote-to-invoice)

**[Open Items](standard-procedures/open-items)**

The management of pending balances in ADempiere gives you the possibility to manage payment orders, payment selection, payments, collections, automatic reconciliations, delinquent portfolio and outstanding debts of the company, [ADempiere ERP](http://adempeire.net/) wants to teach you how to manage your pending balances in ADempiere.

Learn about [Open Items](standard-procedures/open-items)

## Material Management

**[Product](material-management/product)**

Master data includes records that give rise to transactions, therefore they are not modifiable on a regular basis, in this sense ADempiere ERP explains how to create your teachers in an ideal way, thus avoiding duplication and inconsistency in the data.

Learn about [Data Management](material-management/product)